README.md, before:

# angular-brunch-seed
### A started project for AngularJS using Brunch.io

[AngularJS](http://angularjs.org) + [Brunch](http://brunch.io)

Features:
* Coffeescrpt / Less / Sass / SCSS / Stylus automatically compiled on save
* auto-reload during development saves you from manually refreshing the page
* Javascript / CSS minification for production
* [testacular](https://github.com/vojtajina/testacular) integration for
  unit tests
* Bootstrap integration with themes.

## How to use angular-brunch-seed

* `git clone https://github.com/scotch/angular-brunch-seed.git` to clone the **angular-brunch-seed** repository
* `cd angular-brunch-seed`
* `./scripts/init.sh` to install node packages

or if you have **Brunch** installed run:

`brunch new myapp --skeleton https://github.com/scotch/angular-brunch-seed`

### Running the app during development

* `./scripts/server.sh` to serve using **Brunch**

Then navigate your browser to `http://localhost:3333/`

#### Compiling jade files
run `./scripts/compile-jade.sh` in a seperate window to watch and compile jade files. In the future this process
will be integrated.

### Running the app in production

* `./scripts/production.sh` to minify javascript and css files.

### Running unit tests

* `./scripts/test.sh` to run unit test with [testacular](https://github.com/vojtajina/testacular) 

if you would like to write your test in coffeescript run `./scripts/compile-tests.sh` in a 
seperate window.

_Note: Testacular will run tests on save. To insure that changes are
saved be sure to have `./script/server.sh` or `./script/development.sh` running in the console.

### End to end testing

WIP

### Receiving updates from upstream

When we upgrade angular-seed's repo with newer angular or testing library code, you can just
fetch the changes and merge them into your project with git.


## Directory Layout

    _public/                  --> Contains generated file for servering the app
                                  These files should not be edited directly
    app/                      --> all of the files to be used in production
      app/                    --> base directory for app
        controllers.js        --> application controllers
        directives.js         --> custom angular directives
        filters.js            --> custom angular filters
        services.js           --> custom angular services
      assets                  --> a place for static assets. These files will be copied to
                                  the public directory un-modified.
        font/                 --> [fontawesome](http://fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome/) rendering icons
          fontawesome-webfont.*
        img/                  --> image files
        partials/             --> angular view partials (partial html templates)
          nav.html
          partial1.html
          partial2.html
        index.html            --> app layout file (the main html template file of the app)

      styles/                 --> all custom styles. Acceptable files types inculde:
                                  less, sass, scss and stylus
        themes/               --> a place for custom themes
          custom/             --> starter theme **NOTE the underscore (_). Files begining with an
                                  underscore will not automatically be compiled, they must be imported.
            _override.less    --> styles that should beloaded after bootstrap.
            _variables.less   --> bootstrap variables to be used during the compilation process
        app.less              --> a file for importing styles.
      app.coffee              --> application definition and routes.
      init.coffee             --> application bootstrap

    node_modules              --> NodeJS modules

    scripts/                  --> handy shell scripts
      compile-jade.sh         --> compiles jade to html
      compile-tests.sh        --> compiles coffeescript test to javascript
      development.sh          --> compiles files and watches for changes
      init.sh                 --> installs node modules
      production.sh           --> compiles and compresses files for production use
      server.sh               --> runs a development server at `http://localhost:3333`
      test.sh                 --> runs all unit tests

    test/                     --> test source files and libraries
      e2e/                    -->
        scenarios.js          --> end-to-end specs **NOT WORKING YET**
      unit/
        app/
          controllers.spec.js --> specs for controllers
          directives.spec.js  --> specs for directives
          filters.spec.js     --> specs for filters
          services.spec.js    --> specs for services
      vendor/
        angular/              --> angular testing libraries
          angular-mocks.js    --> mocks that replace certain angular services in tests

    vendor/
      scripts/                --> angular and 3rd party javascript libraries
        angular/                  files are compiled to `vendor.js`
          angular.js          --> the latest angular js
          angular-*.js        --> angular add-on modules
          version.txt         --> version number
        bootstrap/            --> for responsive layout
          bootstrap-collapse.js
        console-helper.js     --> makes it safe to do `console.log()` always
        jquery-1.7.2.js       --> for use with bootstrap-collapse
      styles/                 --> sapling / sapling themes and 3 party CSS
        bootstrap/            --> boostrap files - **NOTE** the underscore prevents the
          _*.less                 files from automatically being added to application.css
        sapling               --> extends boostrap
          _*.less
        themes                --> themes to extend Bootstrap
          default             --> the default bootstrap theme
            _overrides.less
            _variables.less
          sapling             --> supplemental theme
            _overrides.less
            _variables.less
          smokey              --> supplemental theme
            _overrides.less
            _variables.less
## Contact

Comming soon...

For more information on angular please check out http://sapling.scotchmedia.com/

Commit message:

testicular auto open feature doesn't work on windows so this should be disabled by default.

README.md, after:

# angular-brunch-seed
### A started project for AngularJS using Brunch.io

[AngularJS](http://angularjs.org) + [Brunch](http://brunch.io)

Features:
* Coffeescrpt / Less / Sass / SCSS / Stylus automatically compiled on save
* auto-reload during development saves you from manually refreshing the page
* Javascript / CSS minification for production
* [testacular](https://github.com/vojtajina/testacular) integration for
  unit tests
* Bootstrap integration with themes.

## How to use angular-brunch-seed

* `git clone https://github.com/scotch/angular-brunch-seed.git` to clone the **angular-brunch-seed** repository
* `cd angular-brunch-seed`
* `./scripts/init.sh` to install node packages

or if you have **Brunch** installed run:

`brunch new myapp --skeleton https://github.com/scotch/angular-brunch-seed`

### Running the app during development

* `./scripts/server.sh` to serve using **Brunch**

Then navigate your browser to `http://localhost:3333/`

#### Compiling jade files
run `./scripts/compile-jade.sh` in a seperate window to watch and compile jade files. In the future this process
will be integrated.

### Running the app in production

* `./scripts/production.sh` to minify javascript and css files.

### Running unit tests

* `./scripts/test.sh` to run unit test with [testacular](https://github.com/vojtajina/testacular)
* Open the browser you would like to test to `http://localhost:3334`

Notes:

- If you would like to write your test in coffeescript run `./scripts/compile-tests.sh` in a 
seperate window.
- Testacular will run tests on save. To insure that changes are
saved be sure to have `./script/server.sh` or `./script/development.sh` running in the console.
- If you are on OS X you set the browsers that you would like to target
  in the `/test/testacular_conf.js` file E.g. `browser = ["ChromeCanary", "Firefox"]`

### End to end testing

WIP

### Receiving updates from upstream

When we upgrade angular-seed's repo with newer angular or testing library code, you can just
fetch the changes and merge them into your project with git.


## Directory Layout

    _public/                  --> Contains generated file for servering the app
                                  These files should not be edited directly
    app/                      --> all of the files to be used in production
      app/                    --> base directory for app
        controllers.js        --> application controllers
        directives.js         --> custom angular directives
        filters.js            --> custom angular filters
        services.js           --> custom angular services
      assets                  --> a place for static assets. These files will be copied to
                                  the public directory un-modified.
        font/                 --> [fontawesome](http://fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome/) rendering icons
          fontawesome-webfont.*
        img/                  --> image files
        partials/             --> angular view partials (partial html templates)
          nav.html
          partial1.html
          partial2.html
        index.html            --> app layout file (the main html template file of the app)

      styles/                 --> all custom styles. Acceptable files types inculde:
                                  less, sass, scss and stylus
        themes/               --> a place for custom themes
          custom/             --> starter theme **NOTE the underscore (_). Files begining with an
                                  underscore will not automatically be compiled, they must be imported.
            _override.less    --> styles that should beloaded after bootstrap.
            _variables.less   --> bootstrap variables to be used during the compilation process
        app.less              --> a file for importing styles.
      app.coffee              --> application definition and routes.
      init.coffee             --> application bootstrap

    node_modules              --> NodeJS modules

    scripts/                  --> handy shell scripts
      compile-jade.sh         --> compiles jade to html
      compile-tests.sh        --> compiles coffeescript test to javascript
      development.sh          --> compiles files and watches for changes
      init.sh                 --> installs node modules
      production.sh           --> compiles and compresses files for production use
      server.sh               --> runs a development server at `http://localhost:3333`
      test.sh                 --> runs all unit tests

    test/                     --> test source files and libraries
      e2e/                    -->
        scenarios.js          --> end-to-end specs **NOT WORKING YET**
      unit/
        app/
          controllers.spec.js --> specs for controllers
          directives.spec.js  --> specs for directives
          filters.spec.js     --> specs for filters
          services.spec.js    --> specs for services
      vendor/
        angular/              --> angular testing libraries
          angular-mocks.js    --> mocks that replace certain angular services in tests

    vendor/
      scripts/                --> angular and 3rd party javascript libraries
        angular/                  files are compiled to `vendor.js`
          angular.js          --> the latest angular js
          angular-*.js        --> angular add-on modules
          version.txt         --> version number
        bootstrap/            --> for responsive layout
          bootstrap-collapse.js
        console-helper.js     --> makes it safe to do `console.log()` always
        jquery-1.7.2.js       --> for use with bootstrap-collapse
      styles/                 --> sapling / sapling themes and 3 party CSS
        bootstrap/            --> boostrap files - **NOTE** the underscore prevents the
          _*.less                 files from automatically being added to application.css
        sapling               --> extends boostrap
          _*.less
        themes                --> themes to extend Bootstrap
          default             --> the default bootstrap theme
            _overrides.less
            _variables.less
          sapling             --> supplemental theme
            _overrides.less
            _variables.less
          smokey              --> supplemental theme
            _overrides.less
            _variables.less
## Contact

Comming soon...

For more information on angular please check out http://sapling.scotchmedia.com/
